make readme more current (#76)
LucaTuerk/godot-object-compiler: README.md

```

## SConstruct Integration

> tbd. See [SConstruct integration](https://godot-object-compiler.readthedocs.io/latest/integrations/SConstruct.html) for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GOC ships with integrations for [CMake](https://godot-object-compiler.readthedocs.io/latest/integrations/CMake.html) and [SCons](https://godot-object-compiler.readthedocs.io/latest/integrations/SConstruct.html). The tools can be dumped into a local folder by calling the GOC executable's `init tools` program with a local path argument.

```cmd
goc init tools tools
```
```

I suggest shorting the README like this, additional info is linked and available in the docs.

Reviewer: The cmd closing brackets may need to be added manually, somehow they dont show in the suggestion.

Author: Yeah the changes got duplicated in some weird way. Fixed it now
